Creators:
Andy Nguyen
Mike Nguyen
Dat Thanh Do
Dat Nguyen

Minimum Hardware and software requirements:
working browser
Coding editor
Working OS that can run these applications (Windows / Linux / IOS)

Just for running the site:
Working internet connection
Working browser

Installation guide

For using the site as in a user perspective:
Go to https://manh9amazing.github.io/mvpWinter/html/index.html on any web browser to view the site.

For setting up as coder:

Download any coding editor (Visual Studio Code)
Create a new empty folder inside of the coding editor
In the command Line use Git clone with the HTTPS clone URL on the gitLab page for Personal Finance
git clone https://gitlab.cci.drexel.edu/fds21/67factgenerator/personal-finance-budget-manager.git
Change the directory to the clone folder
Start a new branch on your terminal

Testing:

Can be done using coding editor running the git clone
Running the website on any browser

Deploying:

Deploy through github - creating a website and importing all of the files on into

Changing codebase:

Work on new code in private coding editor
Use Git add . (Preferably you should use Git Status first to see your terminal's status)
Do Git Commit -m "Comment" with a message for new code
Then do Git push origin (branch name)


explanations of error messages and troubleshooting:
The code for the website does work as intended.

If first opening the site and seeing doubling tabs, it is because of site is not static and so it shifts every movable div together.

Each category in the budget page goes from their own numbered list from 1 being most important to least important.

Contacting developers of the system:

There's a form on the personal finance website that has user feedback. Write to us there and we will receive your message. This is primarially for the website.

We didn't code the software applications such as chrome web browser. For those respective web browsers and OS systems, contact specifically the application being used.

For example, to contract google chrome: go to https://support.google.com/chrome/?hl=en#topic=9796470


