How to start the system:

Go to any web browser and input the link to the website. Link: https://manh9amazing.github.io/mvpWinter/html/index.html

How to use different features of a system:

Navigation bar:

Navigation bars can send the user to anywhere they would want to visit. For instance, clicking the budget page sends the user to the budget page.

Main page:

Clicking on different rectangles and objects reveals more information through a pop up and or through a different section appearing.

Budget page:

Buttons for different savings plan and for inputting data and creating the different items being applied.

inputting data from each category going from 1 being most important to whatever amount. Also, typing in different sections as well is allowed for the sections that have that option such as each item in the budget input. 

Button that creates the pi, bar, and line chart based off user input.

Article page:

Each section inside of the articles page has an ellipsis (...) that when left clicked reveals more information. Additionally, more information reveals a link to the article site for the user to navigate through clicking on the link.

Calendar page:
Can set the future dates through clicking on each heading for the month day and year up to 2031.
Can click on any day of the month to input the event scheduled for that day. 
Has button for multiple days based off the same event.
Text boxes to fill with information. The multiple days text box is only looking for a date. If the wrong input is given, an error message would popup.

Data tables:
Can click on any data table section to fill with user input.
Data table gets updated based off user input and budget page.
Can hover and click and the specific data can be highlighted.

Wist list:
Can click on input on form and fill in the form.
Can click add item to store the wish list items to server.
Can click on the cross to remove items.
Data rendered on the screen get updated after adding, removing and loading page.

AboutUs page:
Text boxes that can be filled as a form. When the button send is pressed, send form to developers.
Information that can be inspected to know more about the project.

Bottom navigation bar:
Can send the user to anyone of those pages listed. 